Welcome to the world of U.
U is the ultimate virtual community
created by 5 sages called the Voices
that govern it.
The biggest Internet society in history
that's still growing
with over 5 billion registered users.
Launch the U app.
U employs the latest body-sharing technology
that allows everybody to relax.
get together. and have fun.
Your avatar in U is called "AS."
It is automatically created based on
your biometric information.
U is another reality. AS is another you.
You can't start over in reality
but you can start over in U.
Come one. come a million. follow the beat
Tap your heels. let your heart dance
Come one. come a billion. dive into the heat
Get on and dance this twisted world away
Fly through this untold. nameless moment
Reaching out for the crescent moon
Though at times I can't find my voice
I still want to want to know you
You can live as another you.
You can start a new life.
You can change the world.
Time waits for no one
Suzu!
What's going on?
Nothing!
Do you want a ride?
No.
How about dinner?
No thanks.
Okay. I'll see you later then.
Bell is the hottest girl in U.
Her songs are so unique.
She sings so confidently.
The biggest attention-getter
out of the 5 billion users.
Who is she?
BELLE
"Club activities"
She's so pretty.
Luka is the school princess.
- Such long. slender legs.
- She looks like a model.
Totally.
Jealousy of girls who aren't like her.
Hiro...
It's no surprise she's our class leader.
She attracts people like the sun.
I know what you mean.
I'd be annoyed.
Lucky for you. you're like the far side
of the moon that gets ignored.
Hiro...
Could you tone down your wisecracks about me?
Join the canoe club!
Wanna join the canoe club?
- Drop it. Kamishin.
- No thanks.
Hey! Wanna go canoeing?
Kamishin is incredible.
He started the canoe club.
And he's the only member.
- Why?
- What do you mean?
Canoe!
Let's go canoeing!
Come back! Don't run away!
Putting it nicely. people think he's a fool.
I never thought Shinobu would get so tall.
A childhood friend?
He proposed to me once.
Seriously? Like how?
He said. "Suzu. I'll protect you."
When?
We were six.
That was years ago.
Yes.
Something happened years ago.
Help me!
Help!
Don't go! Mom. don't go!
I have to or she'll die.
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom...
Mom! Mom!
Mom!
Don't go. Mom...
Mom...
She practically committed
suicide jumping into the river.
A raging river's not like a pool.
She died for some stranger's kid and
abandoned her own.
I don't want to play in the river anymore.
She shouldn't have tried to be a hero.
Why did Mom go into the river and leave me behind?
Why was a stranger's life more important
than her life with me?
Why am I all alone?
Why?
- Wait!
- Hurry!
- No!
- Come on!
No...
Peggie Sue is so cute!
This is a big hit in U.
- Let's sing.
- You sing.
- You have to sing too.
- You can sing. right?
- Sing.
- Let's sing.
- Hurry up and sing.
Sing!
The flowers that sparkle
"Hiro: Check this out LOL"
"Invitation to U"
U?
U is another reality. AS is another you.
You can't start over in reality
but you can start over in U.
You can live as another you.
You can start a new life.
You can change the world.
"Synchronizing"
Name?
- I wanna be next to Luka.
- Me too.
- That's not fair.
- I wanna be by Luka.
Luka. look over here. Ready?
Suzu!
Take a picture with us!
No... I'm fine...
Come here!
"Generating new AS"
What? Is this Luka?
No. Go back. Cancel.
Freckles?
My gosh... Is this me?
"Suzu" means bell so...
What should I do?
No? Yes?
"Detecting device"
Put on the device.
Reading your biometric information.
Complete. Initiate body sharing.
First. your vision will enter U.
Now your cognitive function and
deep sensations in the limbs.
Transferring your physical senses
and body control to your AS.
Welcome to the world of U.
Melody...
Be my guide
Did I just sing?
I can finally sing again.
I want to picture a world
where a simple song can make the difference
Each day I wake. searching...
I don't want to imagine a future without you
I can't do that
But you're gone. the answer escapes me
Seems like everyone else has it figured out
Still. tomorrow will come
Who's singing?
What a strange song.
Melody. be my guide!
It makes me sick. why is everybody so happy?
Do you really need someone to love?
Shut up!
What a weird song.
Stop showing off!
She's not ugly but...
Look at those freckles.
Ew.
Stop singing!
Melody. be my guide!
Whatever comes. I won't back down
You're amazing. You're beautiful.
Thank you.
No followers.
The world is the same everywhere.
"New follower"
"New comment"
But...
I can finally sing again.
"Hiro started following you"
"Hiro: You're awesome! I got you covered!"
I want to picture a world
where a simple song can make the difference
Each day I wake. searching...
I don't want to imagine a future without you
I can't do that
But you're gone. the answer escapes me
Wow!
- Never heard it before.
- She's good.
- Oddly pretty.
- What's this song called?
No hits in searches.
Crazy fashion.
- I'm hooked on her.
- Who knows more about Bell?
Bell?
I've heard her sing but she's nothing special.
Yeah!
- Irritating voice.
- Too flashy.
Selling her sex appeal?
No basic music skills.
The arrangements are good.
Done by other people.
Take music seriously!
But...
I can't stop listening to this song.
Why?
It feels like she's singing for me.
For my ears only.
No. For mine.
No. She's singing just for me.
- Why?
- How come?
Have you heard of Bell?
Of course.
- Who's that?
- The girl in U. right?
She's new.
Hello!
Hiro! Guess what happened! Bell...
I know.
She made it onto the U Global Music Hits.
Just as I expected.
No! She's being roasted like crazy!
Also expected.
They're just jealous of you.
If you only get compliments.
you only have hard-core fans.
Minor league.
In U. stardom is built on mixed opinions.
Half of them don't like me?!
I wanna die!
But the other half likes you. Be more confident.
The secret to your success?
I look like Luka.
And?
People who arrange my songs.
What else?
You're my producer. Costumes. dances. and...
No! Yes but no!
The biggest secret is that it's in U!
Its body-sharing technology
draws out the user's hidden strengths.
Without it. you wouldn't be singing
but crying all the time like usual.
Look at this.
Search for Bell's identity...
What?! Oh no!
It's funny how wrong they are.
They're naming all these celebrities.
So far from the truth.
It's not funny!
Nobody would ever guess that Bell
is a mousy country bumpkin like you.
You're scary.
This is the best game ever.
Turning a nerdy.
freckled schoolgirl into U's superstar.
This could mean big money. but don't worry.
I'll anonymously donate every dollar to charities.
Fly through this untold. nameless moment
Reaching out for the crescent moon
Bell is our new diva.
Isn't B-E-L-L-E more suitable for her?
- Belle?
- "Beautiful" in French.
A perfect name for a girl who's not quite perfect.
Putting it mildly. Belle is the best!
This has got to be a joke!
Why is she more popular than me?!
- It's Peggie Sue.
- She's finished.
What? Hey! Get away from me!
You jealous creeps!
Belle has changed the world!
More excitement! More spotlight!
Belle is the best!
What's so funny. Hiroka?!
This room is off limits now.
"Congratulations. graduates!"
"Graduation performances"
You can use closed school buildings
for community activities.
Let's take a look over there.
Weird. huh?
Practicing for a Christmas concert with cicadas.
Come out and sing.
I can't.
Only a bell cricket sings in
the shadows like that.
I don't mind being a bell cricket.
The youngest member should sing in the center.
I don't want to.
Kids these days lack ambition.
Don't you want to be happy?
I'm sure your mom wants you to be happy.
Happy? How?
How can I find happiness?
Well...
Happiness...
Happiness?
Even at this age. I'm not sure what happiness is.
Why are you looking at us like that?
Trying to figure out who's right?
We wouldn't be so frustrated if
there was a right answer to happiness!
Why are you crying?
Why won't you say something?
Suzu.
Shinobu!
How's your dad?
Fine... I think...
You think? Are you eating properly?
Yeah...
What's the matter?
- Nothing.
- I don't believe you.
- I swear...
- Look at me.
I can't.
Look at me.
Tell me.
Suzu... Suzu!
Shinobu. I'm not the girl you knew
in elementary school.
You don't have to worry about me...
anymore...
Coming up at U standard time 20:25
the biggest concert by
Belle in the spherical stadium.
Setting a record as a newcomer to U
she's expected to draw
millions and millions of viewers worldwide.
People are waiting on the edge of their seats.
Thank you.
Belle. you're doing great. Next song.
Okay.
Who opened the dome?!
Get out of here!
He's being chased?
Who is that?
Dragon?
An ugly monster that lives in U.
- Wow.
- Who is it?
He fights in the martial arts arena.
The record holder of consecutive wins.
But he fights dirty.
Like how?
Go!
He ruins the matches.
He attacks until the data breaks down.
Like he's venting his anger.
He wants to show off the bruises on his back.
He's covered in bruises.
Who's chasing him?
- The Justices.
- Justices?
They claim to be the protectors of
justice and order in U.
They look like superheroes.
How brutal!
You've taken this too far!
Is everything about you?!
Yeah!
You ruined Belle's concert!
Take responsibility!
- Apologize to Belle!
- You wasted our time!
- Get out of here!
- Leave!
Hey...
Who are you?
Who...?
Don't look.
Don't look at me.
Beast!
Unforgivable. You will not get away with this!
We have to get rid of the Beast
to maintain peace in U.
Is he the leader?
Yeah. That's Justin.
Look.
The light of truth that
protects justice and order in U.
We'll unveil the horrible Beast!
Look at all those sponsors.
- Unveil?
- Yes. unveil.
Close it!
You're finished. Beast.
I'm going to reveal your ugly "Origin."
Yeah! Do it!
Get him!
Jerk! You could've hurt Belle!
No... This is unacceptable.
I will unveil him one day!
Who are you?
There. See you later.
Suzu. dinner?
How about seafood?
Okay.
"Belle cancels concert."
I'm so sorry.
Ow!
It's that Beast guy's fault.
He should get unveiled already.
Why does he annoy people on purpose?
He thinks he's cool.
There must be a reason.
He's just showing off.
You think so?
We should unveil him ourselves.
Kamishin. what's with that huge bag?
I have an away match. You too?
I'm not like you.
"The structure of U"
The AS is constantly in sync with
the user's biometric info.
So you can't have two avatars.
I searched all over the Internet
but there's no data about
his nationality. age. or gender.
Only that he suddenly appeared 7 months ago.
There's no way to find him?
Not the user.
But there are records of his past opponents.
I see.
In 7 months. he won 369 matches.
lost 3. and tied in 2.
Most of his 374 opponents have
other SNS accounts linked with U.
We should talk to them and see what they know.
"We will be using the study room."
Wow.
A question to the Beast's opponents.
Who is he?
A mystery.
Definitely not AI.
Excessively aggressive.
Bad personality.
- Why does he...
- Take things so far?
I was one of his first opponents.
He didn't have as many bruises.
They're battle scars?
The few of you who beat him.
How did you win?
He suddenly threw the match.
He got distracted.
Angel...
Do you know something?
Any rumors?
- No.
- Maybe it's him.
- Him?
- With the bruises.
Who?
Jellinek. an obscure modern artist.
He started getting tattoos that look like bruises
around the time the Beast showed up.
The value of his artwork has increased 20 times.
That's suspicious.
His agent's contact info.
Let's call him.
Are you serious?!
I have nothing to say.
Why the tattoos?
Who are you?!
What were you doing last night?
Stop bugging me!
Why won't you tell us?
Leave me alone!
"Jellinek: exit"
He's definitely hiding something.
- Who else could it be?
- I don't know.
I know someone like that.
Someone annoying.
She always says. "You hurt me."
Yeah. Maybe it's her.
A woman?
I was at a birthday party.
Birthday party?
For my husband.
A lot of preparing but my daughters
helped me bake the cake.
I'm looking at your Instagram.
- Are you?
- You have a lovely family.
Are you sure I'm the ideal housewife
for your article?
Absolutely. Please share your
happiness with our readers.
We'll be in touch.
She doesn't seem like a bad person.
She was lying through her teeth.
No family. No homemade cake.
She's been living off Amazon
and Uber Eats for months.
All her photos are stock photos.
Even this and this and this.
Unbelievable. Why would she do this?
No alibi. Very aggressive.
If her posts are hinting about those bruises...
she could be the Beast.
Fox. an MLB heavy hitter
who played in this year's World Series.
Rumor has it that this superstar
has a terrible secret.
Secret?
About him being a violent man
wearing a gentleman's mask.
He always keeps his top on
to hide all the scars on his body.
Every superstar has a skeleton in his closet
that disillusions us time and time again.
Hi. I'm Gogo Doggo.
I'm Mr. Reggsignation.
- Have you heard?
- About what?
There's an AS popular with children.
More popular than me?!
You're popular?
Who?! Who is it?!
The Dragon.
I thought everybody hated him.
His hideout is called The Castle.
Everybody's looking for it.
Then what?
- I want a selfie with him.
- A handshake.
I thought he was a bad guy.
Silent and cool.
He's quiet but strong.
Aren't you afraid of him?
The Dragon is... my hero.
Hero...
It's just me and my boys.
They don't have a mother but they're happy.
We get along great and enjoy life...
He's an old homie of mine.
We just clicked.
He's actually filthy rich.
Click here if you want to know
where his mansion is.
Who's the Dragon?
Who is he?
What's his real identity?
Mrs. Tsutsui. two lunch specials!
Okay.
It's definitely not a publicity stunt.
I'm still mourning for a loved one
who died in an accident.
I put the tattoos where my lover was scarred.
I guess everybody has a secret.
They disclose a small secret
to protect a bigger one.
You're a cynic.
We have to find out what he's
really trying to hide.
Everybody has a secret.
You too.
- And you.
- Me?
I have no secrets.
Your phone's wallpaper is a photo of Mr. Terada.
- The physics teacher.
- Shush! Not here!
Here you go.
I'm just a face in the crowd to him.
Don't tell my parents.
They think I'm a good girl.
I won't say anything.
If my mom found out. she'd just die.
Like the other day...
Sorry.
It's okay.
I am so sorry.
Forget it. I was just thinking how you
actually talk to your parents.
After my mom died.
it's been just me and my dad.
but we hardly ever talk.
I know. That's why I'm here for you.
Stop moping and eat!
Two noodles. please!
Coming up.
A castle in this isolated place?
I'm right this time.
Why won't you come with me?
Extra lesson with Mr. Terada.
Please...
Are you looking for something?
Who are you?
I'm an AI. I know everything.
I'm looking for a castle.
I thought so.
Here?
Are you lost?
I'm looking for a castle.
I thought so. I'll tell you. only you.
Are you lost?
You're looking for the castle. right?
Don't tell anyone else.
Wait!
Where am I? I can't see a thing.
They were lying to you.
You'll never find it.
Play with me instead.
Follow me down this path.
The castle.
Is anyone here?
Hurry.
- She's here.
- We tried to stop her.
- We're in trouble.
- Master won't like this.
They're beautiful.
I grew them. The secret roses.
Secret?
What secret?
What are you doing here?
You entered without permission.
Um... I followed him...
Leave.
- But...
- Get out of here!
Wait.
I want to ask you something. Who are you?
Please answer me.
Leave or I'll bite your head off.
Where are you going?
Wait.
Trouble? Are we in trouble?
No. Don't worry.
Everything's okay.
Which?
Which is the real you?
Wait!
Stop!
Suzu is in love.
With a bad boy.
No! Why?
It's written on your face.
Teenagers are attracted to bad boys.
"Lonely and kind underneath."
"I'm the only one who understands him."
I said no!
Why don't you give him a present?
I studied abroad in Ohio
my senior year in high school.
There was a guy with razor-sharp eyes
who was always alone.
A lone wolf?
I was kind of interested in him.
so I gave him a birthday present.
What did you give him?
A song.
Song?!
I wrote a song and sang it to him.
- That's so sweet.
- A love song.
I saw him smile for the first time.
He said he was happy.
- Did you guys go out?
- No.
Why not?
He was still in 8th grade.
- Unbelievable.
- 8th grade?
I was touched when he
cried seeing me off at the airport.
I've never written a love song...
You want to be left alone
Or that's what you'll say
trying to push me away
But the truth is you don't want me to look
to see what's in your heart
I guess I'll record it.
What?
So many texts.
They were holding hands.
- Her and Shinobu?
- Why?
- They're childhood friends.
- That's no excuse.
She thinks she's better than us.
What's going on?!
- Suzu!
- Hiro!
Did you ask Shinobu out?
- No!
- Did he ask you out?
Of course not!
Then why?
He held my hand...
You held hands?!
No! He just grabbed my hand.
That's all? But it's going viral.
It shows how popular he is.
They have their eyes on him.
I didn't do anything.
It's spreading like wildfire.
They're lashing out.
venting their pent-up feelings.
So much tension. Scary.
I thought they were all friends.
I guess you never know.
An all-out war if they continue to show
their true colors.
What should we do?
I'll figure out the critical path to
extinguish the fire.
You talk to the reasonable girls.
I'll try.
Listen!
Nothing happened!
He'd never date me.
That's true.
- Calm down.
- Chill.
"Truce"
Hello!
We're out of the lion's den.
Sorry... Sorry...
It's a cruel world.
All hell broke loose because it was you.
No one would have reacted like this
if it were Luka.
It's from Luka.
"Sorry for the sudden text."
"Can we talk?"
The timing's too perfect.
Why would she text you now?
What do you mean?
Maybe she's behind this.
Definitely not!
She must be after Shinobu.
Why would a pretty girl like her do this?
She kind of gets on my nerves.
She wanted my opinion as his childhood friend.
I would've ignored her. I'm not that nice.
I can't shake it off...
He's practicing hard.
Yeah. he is.
Shinobu...
He's taking so damn long.
Suzu. did something happen today?
You can tell me.
There's something I wanted to
ask you for a long time.
What is it?
You see...
Um... Um...
Suzu! Heading home?!
I just finished practicing.
I'm wiped out.
Huh? What's up?
Kamishin... How was the away match?
I went and raced. But guess what happened!
A coach from my top college pick
was there to watch the match.
I was so pumped.
But I was totally off my game.
My results sucked.
Look.
I felt guilty about the guys who
didn't qualify for the nationals.
You qualified for the nationals?
- Yeah.
- Seriously?!
That's awesome! I'm rooting for you!
Rooting for me?
Shinobu. if she's rooting for me...
Does it mean...
Suzu has a small crush on me?
What? No? No. huh?
Go put that way. you idiot.
I was just kidding. Suzu.
Thanks for your support.
- Get outta here.
- Yeah. yeah.
So what were you about to say?
Forget it.
- Holding something back?
- No.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
You don't have to waste your time
worrying about me anymore.
Suzu!
I don't know what to do.
"Luka"
"Please feel free to talk. I'm here for you."
"Thanks. Suzu!"
"What a surprise."
"I feel encouraged."
A woman?
Bruises.
Don't touch me.
I'm sorry. Those bruises...
You think they're ugly?
No!
Do those bruises hurt?
I'm sure they do. I...
You don't know anything!
Then explain it to me.
Just... Go away!
Go away!
Stop.
What were you doing here?
Did you see someone?
An ugly monster?
Are you Belle?
Why are you here?
You won't say?
Then...
I'll ask your Origin.
Beast!
- It's him!
- Get him!
- He's scared.
- What a wimp.
We'll crash!
Where did the Beast go?!
Beast!
Stay away.
Leave me alone.
I think I know you better now.
This is where it really hurts. right?
Thanks for saving me.
Belle...
Master!
You want to be left alone
Or that's what you'll say. as you push me away
But the truth is you don't want me to look
to see what's in your heart
Anger. fear. sorrow
Some nights it can be too much
Yet you keep it all to yourself
Lend me your voice
The voice you try so hard to hide
Open the door
Open up and let me see the heart
that hides inside
The secret rose.
I can make it on my own
Or that's what you'll say
It's something you told yourself
time and time again
those lonesome nights
But I want to see you
I want to see the real you
That's all that's been on my mind
Lend me your voice
Show me the face that you try so hard to hide
Open the door
Open up and let me see the heart that hides inside
Call out the words
Anything you want to say.
I'll be right here. I'll listen to the end
Let me inside
Let me come and sit right next to your heart
What's happening?
Don't look at me.
Who are you?
"Isn't Belle doing another concert?"
"Why won't she sing?"
"She must be afraid."
"It's the Beast's fault."
"He should be unveiled."
Let's leave him alone.
We don't have to know his secret.
It's not just us
U isn't just a small chat room for classmates.
- "Scumbag"
- Nobody can stop it.
The Beast threatens order in U.
Contact us with any info
on the Beast at #UnveilTheBeast.
He must be an old fart!
He's a young genius gamer!
He's a she. a sexy bombshell.
I heard he's a billionaire.
I'm suing him for mental distress from our match.
Jellinek. a new lover already?
He's amazing.
I'm not dead.
I guess not.
I never said it was my girlfriend who died!
He got his tattoos to
imitate the Beast's bruises.
She's lying!
He's a con artist.
Shut up. loser.
What?!
Plagiarism? Absolutely not!
People think I have a secret
because I don't show my skin.
The other day.
someone in U accused me of being the Beast.
But I'm not a villain nor a violent man.
I want to be a true hero for the children.
Don't be shocked.
I was very sick when I was little
and had several major surgeries.
But I became healthy enough to play baseball.
All you kids watching this.
don't give up on your dream.
I hope this message comes across the right way.
So who's the Beast?
Unforgivable!
Downright unforgivable!
I refuse to forgive anybody who hurts me!
Are you that ideal housewife?
Why a baby?
Because I have an innocent heart.
I don't believe you.
You think a cute baby can get away with anything.
Shut up! She hurt me!
Is it true Belle will sing again?
It's just a rumor.
I heard she's gonna surprise us.
It's not true.
But what if it is?
Where did Belle go?
Belle!
Do you know why this light
is the power of justice?
Normally. the biometric information
scanned by the device
is converted to the AS
through a specialized process.
This light completely invalidates the conversion.
The Origin of the AS is projected here in U.
This is how "unveil" works.
It means I have the same power only the Voices.
U's creators. have.
Have you ever wondered why
there are no police in the Internet?
Why is there no law enforcement in U
when it's so similar to the real world?
It's a good question. Everybody wants to know why.
But the Voices insist we already have
everything we need for a fair society.
We disagree. Every society has its villains.
Those who cause trouble and disrupt order.
Those who do as they please
and scoff at the world.
We need the power to fight it.
We need justice no matter where we are.
We need the power to crush evil.
And that power is us!
The Beast... The ugly Beast.
He must be unveiled for the future of U.
That said...
Why are you always with him?
Why?
Tell me where he is or face the consequences.
If you don't...
I'll unveil you right here and now.
I wouldn't tell you even if I knew.
What?
You don't care about justice.
You just want to control other people.
So I'm not telling you.
I won't let you make a fool of me anymore.
You think I can't unveil you?
Why don't we try?
Let's see the identity of the world-famous diva.
The real face underneath the beautiful mask.
I can just imagine it. You're probably...
When the truth is revealed
who would pay any attention to your songs?
If you don't want that. tell me who he is!
Where he is!
Are you looking for something?
I'll tell you. only you.
What?!
Don't tell anyone else.
Buzz off!
Damn it!
Thanks for saving me.
I'm glad you're okay.
He's in danger.
I have to help him.
I have to protect him.
Suzu.
What?
If you're in trouble...
I'm not.
You can tell me anything.
There's nothing to tell!
"Have a peach from Mr. Matsuda. Dad"
Suzu.
Luka.
I couldn't do it.
Your text gave me the courage to try.
But I just froze in front of the guy I like.
Then he said. "What's wrong with you?"
"You're creeping me out."
He did not.
He did. But I don't blame him.
I have no confidence. and I am pretty creepy.
No way!
Not at all! Shinobu is such a jerk!
No.
No? Then...
It's Chikami.
Chikami?
Shinjiro Chikami.
Kamishin?!
You're so cute.
I know who you like.
Don't say it. I'll die of embarrassment.
Since when?
When we were six. he said. "I'll protect you."
I thought it was a marriage proposal.
But he meant he'll protect me from bullies.
He wasn't proposing. of course.
After my mom died.
I was always crying
and it scared my classmates away.
He must have thought I was being bullied...
This might sound weird
but I always thought he
kind of acted like your mom.
My mom?
He worries about you for nothing
and asks how you're doing all the time.
Shinobu isn't like other guys.
I said his name.
I'm dead.
Take me to the elementary school you guys went to.
I'll come again.
Kamishin.
Oh...
I'm rooting for you.
Rooting for me?
Yes...
Does that mean
you have a small crush on me?
I'm kidding. It was a joke.
What?
Yes.
What?!
Why are you running away?
This is all new to me.
You heard her. didn't you?
- Yeah.
- Aren't you happy?
I am.
Hey!
I don't know what to say.
How about "thank you" or "I'll do my best"?
Luka...
Yes?
What's your hobby?
Music. What kind do you like?
I like Belle.
Me too!
Really? Cool.
I've always wished I could sing like her.
Don't laugh but people say I look like her.
You totally do.
She's much prettier...
No. You totally look like her.
Are you guys related or what?
My family visits my grandfather
in Hakodate every summer.
So... can I really go watch you
compete in the nationals?
With you cheering me on
I'll definitely win. Watch me.
That was close. I hope it works out for them.
Suzu!
Did you see Kamishin?
Yes. I mean. no...
- Which?
- Yes.
- No.
- Which?
Suzu. there's something I couldn't tell you.
Suzu.
I'm sorry! Me too.
I also have something to tell you.
Yeah.
You see... I...
I know.
I'm...
You're Belle. right?
Belle is you. right?
Suzu.
You're wrong!
Suzu!
No!
Suzu. where did you go? Suzu?!
What do I do now?!
How will I tell him...?
The Dragon is in trouble!
His castle...
- They finally...
- Found it.
We will show no mercy!
The Beast's Origin will be revealed!
We will make him pay for his sins
in front of everyone in U!
The Dragon's Origin will be unveiled.
Who is he?
Everyone wants to know.
I heard he's a psycho killer.
A crooked businessman who evades taxes.
Get lost. Beast.
The Beast is totally worthless.
He might as well disappear.
Dragon. you watching this?
I doubt it.
Kids around the world are cheering for you.
- You watching. Dragon?!
- No.
The Dragon is bullied by adults!
Poor Dragon.
Someone. help him.
Let's all cheer him on!
There's still time.
Cheer the Dragon on.
These idiots only have one-digit views!
- They have no influence.
- Get lost. Beast.
- They try too hard.
- You deserve it. Dragon!
At the old school!
What happened?
Protect our master...
They refused to take us to the Beast.
How could you do this?
They're just AI.
He's not here.
Fine. Let's go.
We'll set this castle on fire.
He'll come scurrying out like a sewer rat.
Look behind you...
I'll tell you. only you...
It's dangerous here but don't worry.
We'll leave together.
If I can endure it. everything will be okay.
What?
Belle... I'm sorry I can't tell you the truth.
Wait!
Don't go!
Shinobu. check this out.
Things are going crazy in U.
- Suzu...
- Suzu?
Do you know where she went?
No.
We were just talking about your
old elementary school.
Is it close by?
Shinobu... Huh? Luka?
You're late!
Sorry!
An auto-search on anything that might be related.
We have to find his Origin
before Justin gets to him.
But how?
How can we pinpoint one person out of 5 billion?
Where is he? Where did he go?
Where?
Where is he?
- It's Belle!
- Belle?
- For real?
- I knew she'd come.
How rare is this?!
Stop it! I have to find him!
Let me go! Please!
Belle is gonna sing again!
The rumor was true!
We were waiting for you!
I wanna hear Belle's voice!
Sing for us!
Hey! There's no time! Let Belle go!
She's surrounded.
This is bad.
But if we go now...
She'll find out we knew.
But...
we should go.
Please let Belle go!
Think again carefully.
Who is he underneath the surface?
You hurt me!
Is he lonely like that woman?
Then...
I put the tattoos where my lover was scarred.
But his bruises aren't tattoos.
I had several major surgeries.
But they weren't real scars either.
If the device scanned traces of physical pain
his real body might also be bruised.
But...
Why were his bruises throbbing?
And those child-like eyes that he showed me...
Child?
A kid's voice!
Only he and I know this song.
Where is it coming from?!
Suzu...
Where?! Where are you?!
I've seen him somewhere...
The Dragon is my hero.
It's just me and my boys.
They don't have a mother but they're happy.
We get along great...
Why does he know this song?
I'll zoom in.
It's Belle.
So. is he the Dragon?
But something's off.
What do you mean?
I don't think it's him.
He doesn't seem to have any bruises.
Tomo. what's that song?
I'm working. Don't you
realize how distracting it is?
Why do you disobey me?
The world has rules and
I make the rules in this house.
If you can't follow them. you're no good to me.
Do I have to repeat myself?
Do I have to do this?
Don't!
It's not Tomo's fault.
- Move!
- Stop it!
Get out of my way!
Tomo. don't listen.
Who do you think feeds you?!
It's my fault. okay? Not yours.
Kei. you're 14.
Why don't you understand already?
It's my fault.
What good are you?!
Everything's my fault.
You should disappear. Go! Disappear!
You're worthless so disappear!
If I can endure it...
I found him. This boy...
is him.
A poor excuse for a father...
Kei. are you okay? Kei...
I see. I think I understand.
Kei wanted to be a hero
to encourage Tomo.
I know why
the Dragon is so strong.
Since U's body-sharing technology
reveals the hidden "you"
all this pain must be the source of his strength.
Like how Suzu became Belle...
"Accept"
Connected.
Can you see me?
Can you hear my voice?
I saw what happened.
Don't worry.
Everything's gonna be okay.
I want to go see you.
Tell me where you are. I'll...
Who are you?
The first time in real life!
I'm... Belle.
- Belle?!
- Yeah right.
Connected.
See? I told you.
- Child abuse.
- Call the cops.
Should we?
Do you also laugh at
other people's secrets?
No.
Did you enjoy seeing how
miserable we are?
No! I want to help you.
That's why I called.
I want to help you.
Help? How?
Help. Help. Help.
I've heard it so many times.
"I'll talk to your father."
"I talked to your father."
"Your father understands now."
But nothing changed.
"I'll help you"?
What can you do?
Help. Help. Help. You don't know anything.
Help. Help. Help. Talk is easy.
"I want to help you guys."
"I want to change things for you."
You cry because you pity us.
You cry out of sympathy.
It doesn't change anything.
Help! Help! Help!
I'm sick of it!
Go away!
Kei! Come back!
It's disconnected.
Where are you?!
He doesn't trust you.
He'll never tell you where he is.
What now?
Sing as Suzu.
Make room for Belle!
Now watch. Her song will draw him out.
He'll come like he did before.
I know he will.
Not as Belle.
Call out to him as Suzu.
Are you crazy?!
I think it's the only way to contact him again.
Do you know what you're saying?!
Everything Suzu worked for
will go up in smoke!
It's the only way to gain his trust.
Suzu! What have you been
doing all of this for?!
Wanna go back to the old you?!
Wanna be a crybaby again?!
Is that what you want?!
Their identities are revealed more or less.
What can you do for them wearing a mask?
How can you get through to them
if you're not yourself?
Hey! Why doesn't she sing?!
Sing!
Sing and draw out the ugly Beast!
What?!
- Shine the light!
- What?!
Shine the light on me!
What's going on?
You're kidding! You want to be unveiled?!
What's that?!
Belle's Origin...
She looks so different.
Except the freckles.
Belle's been unveiled!
Who unveiled her?
She did!
Oh no!
Belle was unveiled?!
Weren't you listening? She did it herself.
- She did?
- Why?
For what?
Belle is just an ordinary girl...
Like me.
This was our secret!
Is this the music app?
- Don't!
- Suzu!
Suzu. sing!
She can't sing as herself!
She can.
She can't!
- Suzu...
- Will she sing?
The flowers that sparkle
The gems of our dreams
This world is beautiful
Though fear and uncertainty
tie chains around my heart
I want to grow kind and strong
She's trembling.
The poor girl was unveiled.
Belle!
Without someone to love
what is there to live for?
Come back to me and stay by my side
I feel my heart shake. Come. ease the ache
I'm standing over here. reaching for you
A million miles away. come back and stay
It still makes no sense. what's our destiny?
When I close my eyes. you're all that I see
Come back to me
A million miles away. come back and stay
Mom. don't go!
I have to or she'll die.
Suzu!
Belle! Sing! Don't stop!
It's Peggie Sue.
The Peggie Sue?
Belle. sing!
Why won't she fade away when she was unveiled?
Damn it.
What's that?
Sing. let your heart soar! It brings us together!
So sad and so happy! The feelings flow over. now
Our world is full of all kinds of colors
Closing my eyes I still can see the stars
shine in the sky and soon the rising sun
Flowers. they're blooming. oh it's beautiful
Sing!
Sing my song. never-ending
Sing it through. I love you
Always. forever
Wow...
Kei... I want to see Belle.
Is she really Belle?
I don't completely trust her yet. But...
Belle? Can you see us?
Belle?
Yes!
Suzu.
Your feelings reached them.
Shinobu.
I'm so glad!
So glad...
Why do you disobey me?
What's this?
Our address is...
That. huh?
No... Stop.
Move!
- You're in my way!
- Kei!
Screw you!
They're in trouble.
We have to protect them.
But where are they?
We didn't get their address.
I think there's a clue.
I heard the evening melody from the monitor.
Melody?
One was "The Sunset Glow"
and the other. "The Coconut."
The daily public announcement music.
Two of them?
They must be between two cities.
- Which ones?
- Let me check.
I have the recorded clip!
- She's right.
- Good ears.
What's that? Enlarge the window.
- Buildings?
- Apartment complex?
- Two of them?
- Find out where!
We need more info.
Wait.
Luka. I think I know where this is.
Hold on. Where was it?
Hurry up!
- Got it.
- Where is it?
Two tall buildings around Tokyo
between Ota Ward and Kawasaki City.
Is this it?!
It's a match!
Good job.
Yay!
I'm calling about children
who need immediate protection
in a neighborhood I'm about to describe.
Why not?
Rules?
But what if something happens in 48 hours?
I have to go.
Suzu!
I'll drive you to the station.
No more flights.
Should we drive her to Tokyo?
Is she okay by herself?
It was her decision.
Dad. I left without saying anything but
I'm on my way to somewhere far away.
I got a message from the choir ladies.
Sorry I'm always so selfish.
You must have your reasons.
Someone important to me is in trouble.
You're trying to help that person.
But I don't know what I can do.
You...
You've been so sad since your mom died.
You suffered so much.
It's been tough for you.
But you've grown to be such a caring girl.
You understand how people feel.
Suzu... You...
became the kind girl that you are
because your mom raised you.
Be kind to that person.
"Thanks"
- This is it.
- Belle?
You came?
Tomo!
Belle!
It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay.
Are you really Belle?
Where are you?!
Kei! Tomo!
You left without my permission.
Who are you?!
Did you make that post on the Internet?!
How dare you!
Kei! Tomo! Go back inside!
Why won't you listen to me?!
I'm your father! You'll do as I say!
Damn you little brat!
Trying to tear apart our family?!
I won't let you!
Unforgivable!
Belle.
I knew when you hugged me.
You really are Belle.
Thank you for coming.
I really wanted you to come.
I wanted to meet you. Belle.
Me too.
I watched you take a stand
and realized I have to too.
So I'm gonna fight.
I learned from you too.
You set my heart free from fear.
Thanks.
I love you. Belle.
Belle. you're amazing.
You're beautiful.
U is another reality. AS is another you.
You can live as another you.
You can start a new life.
You can change the world.
You want dinner tonight?
Yeah.
Let's have seafood.
I'm back.
Welcome home.
Suzu!
Welcome back!
Suzu.
I saw you protect those kids. You did good.
You were real cool.
I'm finally free!
I'm done being your guardian.
We can just be normal friends.
It's what I always wanted.
Thank you.
Let's sing and walk.
Great idea. It'll be good practice.
For the concert.
What should we sing?
What else?
That song. right?
Suzu!
Take the lead.
Sing!
I'll listen.
Ready?
BELLE